John and Jeff have come to take them to
the den we prepared in the summer but
first the Bears have to be tranquilized
so they can be safely loaded into a
traveling great okay I've taken 3.2 when
John enters the enclosure it's apparent
that 2 p.m. to come sir change
dramatically as Bears get older they
grow Wilder and these once cuddly
bundles of Furth have grown into fine
young bears
watch the needle here one
I'm sorry oh no all right the worldís
lion isn't it
he's fightin people that is about to go
I think we could move him now if you
wanted to done you want to give a hand
here ear tags are fitted and each bear
is given a radio collar so we can trace
them in the wild next summer for Sally
it's time to say goodbye much as she
cares for her bear she knows they really
belong in the wild unlike children if
you love them you have to let them go
it's kind of sad and happy all at the
same time it's hard that they're eating
here but it's wonderful that they're
going back into the world
over to that
you